for those new to the channel or not
see the previous video tutorial
supreme of the hunter I leave here is
important that you see it before this one
since today we are going to focus on a
Very slut skill of the hunter called
of the explosive trap your great friend or
tell your enemy as stress or something
andy or your fucking mother
to the people
and I want to put special emphasis on this
skill in the pvp which is where
truth serves and helps well first
you have to know and understand the function
of the explosive trap and its glyph looks
that in a moment of clarity he knew
think of all the victims of the fart of
the shamans and decided to give us the
opportunity to return it folded to
them and all the classes with only one
button you get that said glyph and now
you must learn how to use it in the place
just at the right moment remember that
the important thing is to take us into account is
the best or that we get it right at least
the problem can come from failure of
calculation at the time of launching it either by
nervousness or by external factors such as
the typical one here with mental retardation of
your team that just by throwing your
victim he brings him back with his
lethal attraction fuck do not ask me
because maybe a disease can not
avoid being delayed but pussy always
that there is a deck on the die just
bringing my enemy or your egg here
but I do not want to deviate from the subject
main throwing an explosive trap is
an art an art that should for
tempt yourself and create school the factor
surprise is vital to catch your
victim leaving her
the time necessary to prepare your
flight to the moon so make wise use
of your other skills like camouflage
and patience let's not forget that for
further boost the frustration of
our enemies we can combine the
explosive trap with many skills
there are great infinity of tactics or combos
for example the dispersion shot +
exclusive trap and if you want to go even more
of pro test the scatter shot
freezing trap and explosive trap
to mark you a group to fuck
or even use your friends as
sexual complaint to generate confusion
nothing else
analyze our environment to get the
use that we want with the trap will be
essential because the vast majority of
Sometimes we do not know how to appreciate the points
key that can help us bitch the
otherwise another combination very bristle is
use the explosive trap to kill a
enemy within the radius of a boss or
analyzing it with binding shot and
enjoying the show I assure you
who will remember your dead all their
infinite life of combinations in
limits so much ill imagination
my great advice that I practiced a lot
much to perfect nule scheme
art of extreme plucking and if you want the
animals, your best
stitches with the explosive trap and
Show me the ones for my twitter followed by the
hashtag the explosive trap your great
friend and so we can all see him son of
the great hunter pawn and up to here the
today's boys and girls choice the likes
They are free and do not bite like the
favorites with a job what do you think
much the problem you want me to focus
and explain to the next
white ras